I was drowning. I was attending summer camp at Pinewood lake. Some kids from the camp had pushed me in. I was cold, terrified and tried frantically to reach the surface. 
My lungs were burning. I could see the distorted sky fade away. The next thing I remember was waking up in my camp bed. Somebody had rescued me. But everything was grey and cold...


My body had dried I was no more cold, there was a blanket wrapped around. I got up from my slumber It was as if I had resurrected and given another chance to live. 
I saw a familiar face and a familiar place. It was one of the summer camps. The boy whose face I saw when I woke up, it was a familiar one. He never spoke anything to me, infact I 
had never seen him speak for the three days we were at the camp. "why did you save me ?" I enquired.
"I just saw you being pushed by some kids, I was waiting for them to leave and when I found you were barely breathing so I panicked and tried to warm you." he replied
But I had never talked to him infact I joined with other kids in making fun of him so why did he...

Save me? I thought as I my consciousness faded into obscurity. I woke up the following evening, the second to last day of the summer camp. As I was recuperating, the mysterious boy 
who saved me visited again. I inquired as to why he saved me even though I joined in with a couple of other kids to make fun of him. He told me about how he had lost his entire family
in a boating accident in Pinewood lake, and about how he was the only survivor of the incident. I apologized for making fun of him and thanked him for saving my life. When I asked
him for his name, he said his name was Joe and left the infirmary room soon after. As the camp counsellor returned to the infirmary he asked me who I was talking to. When I told 
him the same, he said there was no one named Joe at the camp, although around 10 years ago there was a similar drowning accident where a boy named Joe and his entire family did
drown in Pinewood lake, and there were no survivors ...
